# CS-340-Client-Server-Development

My final project in CS 240 created a dashboard for a company, Grazioso Salvare, that displayed data from their database while being interactable and user friendly. To make my code readable and understandable, I made use of appropriate naming conventions and in line comments. My code can easily be modified and adapted to add new features and content to my app which also makes it readable and adaptable. The development of my CRUD module was the foundation of this project, allowing me to connect to the AAC database which in turn, allowed me to use this data to display a virtual representation of this information. 

As a computer scientist, it is important to fully understand the requirements of the client and to create a plan to ensure all requirements are met. Creating a plan and setting goals ensures that time and resources are used efficiently. Coming into this course, I had no background experience with both MongoDB and Jupyter Notebook, so it was important to spend an adequate amount of time studying the terminology to meet all requirements and add additional features to my project. CRUD are the basic operations of any app that contains storage. With this being, I can use the CRUD method that I created in this project as a template for future client requests that would include a database. 

Computer scientists create, analyze and maintain software used to solve complex problems in all contexts. We have responsibilities such as keeping businesses running, solving complex problems and most importantly, inspiring innovation. The type of work used on this project allows companies to automate and improve numerous operations, from finances to products to storing information such as user logins and passwords. There are endless possibilities in the field of computer science as new technology is constantly emerging and evolving therefore, it is important for us Computer Scientists to clearly understand users' needs to develop functional and successful applications. 

 
